We are looking for an individual who can take ownership for the whole end to end delivery, performing analysis, architect/design, coding,
testing, and maintenance of large-scale and distributed applications.

The successful candidate will be a highly motivated team player with significant experience in application development, 
a strong technical background and good communication skills.
Responsible for the hands-on design and development of applications that create process flow automation and achieve firmwide impact via efficiency,
automation and risk reduction.

Convey vision, goals and provide technical lead direction for the team. Define overall product strategy and direction. 
Act as a decision maker and technical team lead while empowering the squad.

Analyze user requirements, envision system features and functionality.
Produce proof of concept in the new areas of development.
Ensure high quality of deliverables while enforcing development and security best practices
Participate in design discussions and contribute to the architecture process.
Investigate production issues.
Provide technical support for debugging web applications, database and assistance to production systems.

The candidate will support continuous improvement of the automated systems. Participate in all aspects of SDLC (analysis, design, coding, testing and implementation)
Define and communicate customer needs. Engage proactively with customers to better understand their needs. Represent the customer’s voice to help the squad members with real-time feedback from customers and their stakeholders
The candidate will work with Infrastructure team, development teams, other support teams, and drive efficient planning and execution.

Engage with internal and external stakeholders. Ensure organizational alignment of the squad’s mission and activities. Remove blockers that prevent progress.
Support and enable the squad. Regularly engage with the squad to offer feedback on work in progress, clarify requirements and answer questions.
Maintain and prioritize backlog. Refine backlog to ensure squad has the right direction to deliver business value consistently
Prioritize work through a well-groomed backlog of user stories and clearly communicate what needs to be done and by when. Define and communicate acceptance criteria based on business & customer needs
Promote Agile working style. Foster a culture of continuous learning and development
Participate in Agile ceremonies. Daily standups, Retrospectives
